still says the flag trustees upset
the measure from the same meaning goes well
that gives you the ball there attention
Goals Goals Goals of Number 11 Big Sackers
goal punishment on a punishment
a very important goal is very dangerous
which brings the Rossoneri to the lead to
twenty-fifth of the second half bless
kick this punishment from the edge
of the ball area kicked low that
barrier does not know failed to
debate and ball that remained there and is
very ready cernigoi we review a
be ready
he found himself in front of the agresta concierge
and immediately kicked in the goal
bypassing it until now
frank from the classes in to scernni go
always puts pressure together with
fab of all his attention the areas
of agresta the goal goals from cernigoi
agresta who tried to dribble 800
forward, however, that he was very good at
fight it and put it on the net
realizing this splendid double win
let's rejoice let's see rural
he can kick a little falls asleep with
the ball in the middle of the grouper feet
he doesn't think twice about it
immediately and leans in the door for
make the second goal of this one
game there is an inexhaustible tamas that
tip still clean up the feints again
on the cross amidst beautiful attention
a goal splendid goal-scoring goal of
cernigoi after the two the double in
first time a beautiful goal from the head
perhaps its best quality given the
physical after a cross from the left of
an inexhaustible tamas cernigoi stands out at
center of the small area and bags to
shoulders of agresta we review the crossfit
hamas and groupers that stands alone at
a few meters from the defense gate
bags on the net
now piccinocchi piccinocchi section
inside I tell you what half a goal
goal goals after having touched a few
minutes ago that I say and can lift
his fourth goal today one
great performance surely one
day I will never forget I believe
the debut of today's championship at the
first day there are already four goals
made by there is a beautiful goal
beautiful action davo piccinocchi ad
raise the head immediately puts in the middle and
cernigoi is good at making this goal